docs: update fetch-deps usage example to include --sbom-output-type flag (#888)
hermetoproject/cachi2: README.md

  gomod
```

> The `fetch-deps` command fetches your project's dependencies and stores them on your disk. After fetching dependencies, Cachi2 also produces a detailed SBOM for them. You can then use these outputs to, say, build a container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fetch-deps` command fetches your project's dependencies and stores them on your disk. Hermeto also produces a detailed SBOM containing information about all the project's components and packages. You can find the SBOM in the output directory.
```

It reads weirdly to me that one can use SBOM to build a container image. I suggest rewording the sentences.

Author: Added the suggestion into the last commit, but kept "Cachi2" instead of "Hermeto" for now to avoid any confusion before the full rebranding is complete.

Reviewer 2: @slimreaper35 please avoid using the GH native change suggestion mechanism - it can only add a new commit in the web UI - while it looks very appealing and literally invites for an easy action to take, it completely neglects the potential need to do an interactive rebase to squash the change to the right commit; `'```diff' ` is technically a better way of sharing suggestions with the contributor who can apply the change locally.
